Enable HTTPS use Custom Certificates (#7508)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/administration/advanced/custom_certificates.md

---
title: 'Custom Certificates'
linkTitle: 'Custom Certificates'
description: 'Use Custom Certificates in CVAT'
weight: 100
---

CVAT use traefik as a reverse proxy to manage SSL certificates. By default, traefik uses Let's Encrypt to generate SSL certificates. However, you can use your own certificates instead of Let's Encrypt.

See:

- [Setup Custom Certificates](#setup-custom-certificates)
    - [Create Certificates Directory](#create-certificates-directory)
    - [Change Traefik Configuration](#change-traefik-configuration)
    - [Start CVAT](#start-cvat)

## Setup Custom Certificates

### Create Certificates Directory

Create a `certs` directory in the root of the project:

```bash
mkdir -p ./certs

```

Move your certificates to the `./certs` directory:

```bash
mv /path/to/cert.pem ./certs/cert.pem
mv /path/to/key.pem ./certs/key.pem
```

### Change Traefik Configuration

> Create `tls.yml` file in the `./traefik/rules` directory with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `tls.yml` in the root of the project directory with the following content:
```

```yaml
tls:
  stores:
    default:
      defaultCertificate:
        certFile: /certs/cert.pem
        keyFile: /certs/key.pem
```

> Edit the `docker-compose.https.yml` file and add the following lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the `docker-compose.https.yml` file and edit the traefik servise configuration as follows:
```

> ```yaml
>     environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
  traefik:
    environment:
```

      TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_web_ADDRESS: :80
      TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_web_HTTP_REDIRECTIONS_ENTRYPOINT_TO: websecure
      TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_web_HTTP_REDIRECTIONS_ENTRYPOINT_SCHEME: https
      TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_websecure_ADDRESS: :443
      # Disable Let's Encrypt
      # TRAEFIK_CERTIFICATESRESOLVERS_lets-encrypt_ACME_EMAIL: "${ACME_EMAIL:?Please set the ACME_EMAIL env variable}"
      # TRAEFIK_CERTIFICATESRESOLVERS_lets-encrypt_ACME_TLSCHALLENGE: "true"
      # TRAEFIK_CERTIFICATESRESOLVERS_lets-encrypt_ACME_STORAGE: /letsencrypt/acme.json
    ports:
      - 80:80
      - 443:443
    # Add certificates volume and tls.yml rules
    volumes:
      - ./certs:/certs
      - ./tls.yml:/etc/traefik/rules/tls.yml
```

### Start CVAT

Start CVAT with the following command:

```bash

> docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.https.yml up -d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.https.yml up -d
```
